So it is our normal process, which you are well aware of.
We, um, give you, give you 10 minutes.
I'll give you a call at about four minutes
to go if you're still talking.
Um, and, but we do like to have some, uh, questions.
So, um, we'll get straight into it
and, um, the time, as I say, starts now. Right.
Uh, Kiata, thank you for the opportunity to speak.
I'm Dylan Thompson and my colleague Terry Collins is here
beside me from the Automobile Association.
Uh, we are part
of the AA transport policy and advocacy team.
And, um, our work involves using surveys of AA members,
academic research, and our 18 district councils
around the country are volunteers to, uh,
help us form positions and,
and call for changes in transport
that we think would make it better or safer.
Uh, we, we agree with this bill,
the goal of better and modernized regulation.
Um, essentially we are here to support it
and also highlight some areas
we think the select committee should focus on in your
dealings with officials, um, that are gonna be needed
to make sure that it delivers the best results.
Uh, there's three particular areas we are focused on.
First I'm gonna talk about is digital driver's licenses.
So I can remember the first driver's license I got was just
a piece of paper, and then in the nineties
moved on to a plastic
Bill. Doesn't look old enough
that way.
That's true. Uh,
and then in the nineties we moved on
to plastic cards with photos.
And we see this change towards a digital option
as just being another step into the modern world.
We've been really pleased to see comments from the
government about the fact that this is going to be an option
and people who don't want
to have a digital license are still gonna have the option
to retain a physical license.
We think that's really important.
The key thing for us will be the challenge
of making sure the system gets the balance right
between being very secure and strong in that regard,
but also quite easy
and pain-free to use for drivers
as they go about their daily life.
And so that is one of the challenges we see
for officials in developing this.
For it to work well, it's gonna have
to get that balance right.
And our advice would be that, um, you know,
systems like this are in use in many places overseas.
Most Australian jurisdiction states have their own version.
We would hope that officials are going to look over there,
identify the ones that they think work best,
and use that as a model for New Zealand
to follow rather than us looking to reinvent the wheel.
Similar to digital licenses, uh, we support the move towards
allowing digital versions of warranty, fitness
and vehicle licensing, registration labels, um,
replacing the, you know, physical stickers
and labels on the windscreens.
One of the key risks we would like the select committee
to have in their mind is wanting to make sure that
as these changes happen, we don't have a situation
where people feel that they are going to be more able
to get away with having an unwarranted
or unregistered vehicle without those physical labels.
So we think that that's gonna be really important,
focusing on still being able to have very quick
and easy roadside enforcement
because it's very important for us
that people are still going
to be getting warrant vehicles checked road legal
with a warrant and contributing
through their registration fee.
And the other aspect of that is also
the system is gonna need to do a really good job
for the people that are using the digital options
of providing reminders, alerts, some sort of notification so
that people know when their next inspection is due
and coming up and people know when they next need
to make those payments.
Finally, the aspects of the bill dealing
with electronic communication.
So, um, people do the majority
of their communication online these days.
So once again, we, we supporting the moves to enable fines,
infringement, notices, official information
to be communicated through electronic
means rather than the post.
Uh, we've wanted to see a move like this for some time, um,
particularly around penalties
because at the moment we have situation
where if somebody is driving a vehicle past a speed camera,
for example, right now, and they're breaking the limit,
it may well be weeks
until they get a ticket through the post.
Um, the evidence on behavior change and sort of crime
and punishment theory is the quicker you have consequences
from an action, the better in terms of changing behavior.
So we are right behind the move towards electronic
communication, just like the others.
It's in the detail of how we do it,
making sure it's done well.
Um, so two things that we just want to sort
of put in the select committee's mind.
One is New Zealand, like all countries, is moving towards
an increased amount of automated enforcement, which
goes back to the, the previous point
about vehicle registration.
This is going to be more
and more important that vehicles are able to
be identified and also have
an accurate UpToDate registration and a,
and a registered owner for some of
that automated enforcement to work.
And the second thing is that the communication system
for people receiving these things via email
or text, things like that, is going to need
to be really carefully designed
because there are some fish hooks, some genuine fish hooks
where people's span filters
or different, different aspects of their email system means
that something legitimate
could never land in their primary inbox
and they may genuinely not see it.
It. So our idea is
to help mitigate those risks.
Uh, we think the system needs to have some good safeguards
to try and confirm delivery
and receipt of messages, uh, that we use multiple channels.
So the options of email, text, online portals
gonna be really important for very clear
and easy to understand information for drivers
and vehicle owners out there to know
how they can check their contact details,
update their contact details,
and look for any notices, tickets, and like that.
And like all the others, we're still gonna have to keep
that fallback option of the physical post available.
Uh, so in summary,
we support the Bill's intent
to modernize New Zealand's regulatory system.
We see a lot of positives in it.
Key thing will just be making sure that we do
that in a well-designed way
to avoid any unintended negative consequences
from these digital changes.
Ami, thank you. We are happy
to take any question. Thanks Carlos.
And then, um, thank you for your submission.
My question is, will be harder to
identify a vehicle if we change it
to digital vehicle licensing.
For example, if someone, uh, stolen a car
and swapped the number plate would be, make it much harder
for the police to recover the car as well.
I, I wouldn't say in that sense it
would make it any harder.
I mean, somebody, somebody can put a fake license plate onto
a vehicle now, but, but that, that's just the key point.
We're saying that the police
and other enforcement authorities will need to have tools
and that that'll need to be thought
of in the design of the system.
I mean, this is enabling legislation, so it's gonna be
that detailed work to make sure that they're able
to check a license plate very quickly, match it up
with the type of vehicle it is.
And, and all of that is gonna need to be able
to be done really quickly at the roadside to make sure
that they are able to force all of those types of things.
You speak us. Like, you know,
what's happened now is we can actually mesh the number plate
of the physical label on, on, on, on this one,
but if we change the digital now, we can't do anything.
So for example, if I steal the same model of this,
of the number plate, this will this's what happen
to me when I see like one of,
Um, well, I think if the system is designed well,
then we can, we can have it.
So it's won't be any worse problem than it's now.
I I don't think there's ever a perfect system. Yes.
Um, and, and we see a lot of positives in these changes,
but, um, I think just really emphasizing that point
that the devil will be in the detail of
how the system gets put in place to make sure
that it is really quick, easy for authorities
to be able to try and check these things.
We, we wouldn't want it to become easier
to swap out license plates
and avoid being caught for a bunch of things. One
Thing to think about the current fine
for having an altered
or not having a number plate,
it's only $150 if it becomes the primary form
of identifying a vehicle, you may want to think
around who is that trophy,
Glen? Um, thanks
your submission
and world's changing rapidly
back in the day illegally.
Don't worry. Um, anyway.
Oh, this's compete. We Bring
All my time.
Yeah, no. Um,
have you looked into what's happening around the world?
Any examples, um, that we are relying to do? Got it. Right.
Oh, um, this is absolutely the
trend where the world is going.
Um, most countries have already moved there in some way.
Um, so in, you know, most Australian states you can do all
of these things digitally like we are looking at doing.
Um, I haven't been able to sort of try out any
of those things in detail because unless you're actually a
citizen, but that's what we would hope officials are doing.
But they're able to talk to those jurisdictions,
look at the different systems
and effectively just, just, you know, test them out
and see which ones do we think are working best.
You could put focus groups together
or any, anything like that to say, this looks really good,
this is simple to use.
This looks like a really good system for us to, to follow.
So the international trend is absolutely digital,
just as you'd expect.
Um, and so there's any number of other countries
that we could look at to try
and just take some good examples
and not have to start from scratch.
Look, thank you. At our time is up unfortunately,
but, um, can I just, uh, two things.
One is we will ask officials on the implementation whether
we had the Financial Services Federation,
they said they'd be keen to be involved in helping the
design of some of the, those et cetera of the system.
Uh, and I, I wonder whether that would be something which,
um, you would like to be part of,
but also being part of the education process so that people,
'cause you've got 1.1 million members, that's a lot
of people would be able to reach out to
and, um, help understand any new systems.
Absolutely. We, we would love to be part of that.
And, um, and any changes, yes,
we will be doing everything we can to try
and communicate with our members and the general public.
Beautiful. Thank you. Thanks both. Thank you.
Thank You. Right. Okay.
Now we have the, uh, maritime Union off New Zealand.
Nice to see you
right.
Again, we've got you down for 10 minutes.
Uh, we've got your submission so you can take that as read
anything you'd like to highlight, um, go for your life.
Um, but I will give
you a call when there's four minutes to go.
If you are still speaking, we're not already at question, so
your time, your time starts now, so to speak. Alright,
Kira. Um, thank you for the
opportunity to speak.
I'm Paul Bagot, the Seafarer
and Vice President of the Wellington, branch
of the Maritime New Zealand, um, union of New Zealand.
Our union represents both dock workers
and seafarers working on New Zealand coastal vessels.
I'm joined today by Rob Egan, who advises MUS on government
and legislative issues.
M has two issues with this bill.
First, the protections for seafarers in the event
of something goes wrong during their employment.
If a seafarer has to be left behind due to illness
or other reasons, the owner should be
obliged to return them to their home.
If a vessel is lost, the seafarers
of employment ends immediately, their employer should
continue, their employment should continue
until there has been a return to their home
or another degreed destination.
Unfortunately, these circumstances are rare,
but they are serious and even life-threatening situations
for seafarers, and they deserve
to have proper employment protections when they occur.
The second issue affects seafarers
in the New Zealand economy.
Every day, section 1 9 8
of the Maritime Transport Act creates the so-called open
coast crisis, that open coast policy.
This allowed international vessels visiting New Zealand
to carry domestic cargoes
and foreign vessels to permanently work new Zealand's
coastal workers with a permit from the minister.
While ignoring New Zealand's wage
and labor conditions laws,
this policy nearly wiped out New Zealand's coastal shipping
fleet and cost hundreds of Kiwi jobs
that was back in the nineties.
It undermines New Zealand sovereignty
and resilience, leaves us dependent on foreign shippers
to carry vital goods to the regions
and pick up exports for foreign markets.
It turns illegal blind eye to the exploitation
of OCC Fairers in New Zealand's waters.
Right now, wholesome cement is moving
to replace New Zealand, flagged New Zealand crew,
coastal carrier, the MV buffalo
with foreign flag accrued vessels.
This would cost 32 New Zealand jobs
and see foreign seafarers brought in to work
for unclear wages.
This bill is an opportunity to fix the broken section
of 1 9 8 of the Maline Transport Act
and end the failed open post policy.
It is time to ensure New Zealand cargo is carried by workers
employed fairly under New Zealand wages and conditions.
We happy to answer any questions the committee has.
Thanks Paul. Um, questions?
I, I know there are some, I've got Tracy
and then I suspect can
Oh. And well, while
cameras. I'm trying to find
A second. Yeah, I know, I know you,
I'll ask, I'll just ask for a couple of, um, just
for some more clarity about that section 1 9 8.
Mm-hmm. Um, and um, so are you saying
that this is a missed opportunity to have
included this in this omnibus bill or is
Yes. Yes, we are.
We think that there's an opportunity, um,
particularly around issues such as exemptions to
tighten the ties in the law to greater protect, um,
the industry and the, and the workforce in New Zealand.
Mm-hmm. And so do you have some preferred what
We've included? We've
included a, uh, draft, um,
alternative, um mm-hmm.
Uh, version, uh, with our submission. Yeah,
That's fine. So that's all in new
submission. That's one wanted can,
So this will be, uh, 1 9 8 2.
Is that the part in the Yep.
So, so if the minister is satisfied that there is no ship
of any kind, uh, available to carry the coastal cargo,
the minister may authorize carrying
of coastal cargo. That's the,
That's the one. So
what, what, uh,
what if there is no ship available
do you think should happen?
What I would say is that you
can look at the situation that's happening with wholesome
and it's carrier, third party carrier Nova at the moment
where there is a ship available,
but it's being retired by wholesome.
It's a New Zealand flagship that has been retired in favor
of a third party foreign flagship.
We think it's questionable that we, we see that
as effectively a, um, as a, as a bit of gang ship
around as a, as an exploitation of, of the, um, law that
needs to be dealt with.
And it's also, um, it was never the intention, um,
where for instance, we're in a situation at the moment
with Nova where we have 32 guys.
That, which is actually makes up quite a considerable chunk
of, of New Zealand's coastal shipping workforce
because the industry's been so badly, um,
run down over the last few decades.
Um, they are waiting
to find out when they're going to get the sack.
Basically, they, they've been told they're being,
they're gone, but they're waiting for notice.
Well wholesome waits to see how long it's going to take
to get an exemption that's third party carrying over
to get an exemption to trade.
Um, it's effectively what's happening now is, um, is,
uh, our crew
and our industry, they're being,
they're being weighted out in this particular situation.
This isn't unusual. This is,
this is just the latest iteration
of this sort of gaming of the system.
So, yeah. So to the question though, um, I understand 35,
um, seafarers looking at losing their job, uh,
and waiting as a, as there's a sort
of ly sitting over the line.
Mm. Putting that to aside, if we were to, uh,
wholesale pick up your proposal
and put it in, where would that leave New Zealand?
Uh, if we could no longer do any kind of coastal shipping,
because there is one flagged vessel at the moment,
We see the full changing of 1 9 8 as, um,
as a longer term project.
We, but more urgently we see the need for stronger.
And it's not, it's not covered in here.
Um, because of course this is an issue that's really come
to, um, come to, uh,
its peak in the last few weeks, last couple of weeks.
We think that there needs to be, uh, greater protection
around the exemption process to start with.
Um, we think that there needs to be a stronger case made,
um, for exemption.
Um, and, uh, it needs
and, uh, more limited, um,
more limited granting of exemption.
So Give a case example.
During COVID, the global supply chain is disrupted.
New Zealand was relying on these flag convenient ships
that are coming in, like the arena was
and is working the coast under section
1, 9, 8 and 28 day rule.
Those ships, they start in Auckland, they go to Ong,
Wellington, Christchurch Littleton, they, they just go up
and down the coast until they're out of time
and then they go off again during COVID.
Those s**t stopped coming.
So our domestic supply chains severely interrupted.
If we had New Zealand flagships,
if we didn't have the section in 1 9 8,
we had New Zealand flagships,
we would've had a continuous supply chain being able
to move goods around the country.
Same with what happen if there was some global tragedy
at the moment, we couldn't sail the cement boat,
the cement boat stopped coming, how would we get cement
around to save here
from an earthquake or something like that?
So currently this rule is on the books.
Um, and not being a, uh, it's,
sorry, I'm not, this is not trying
to put words in your mouth, but you're saying, um,
it's being gamed to, uh, change from domestic to foreign.
Why? This is on the box already.
Why has there not been someone invest, um, in
bringing a coastal shipping fleet into New Zealand?
Uh, and then try and, you know, um,
but we not lobby to make this as stronger
as your recommendation, make provision so
that, see what I'm saying?
Do you mean do you mean a, sorry, um,
do you mean do you mean, uh,
New Zealand flag coastal shipping?
Why has, why has no one started a New Zealand flag virtual
shipping, uh, arrangement with this on the books
and tried to do the opposite way?
Like you're making it sound yes
or no that it's, um, being used
to phase out to become international.
Why is there not been an op?
Why is no one taking an opportunity to invest and,
and do it here and say, look, I do have a flag vessel.
You don't have, you don't have the ability
to use this exemption because here is a situation
where I have a ship that you could use
Because there's a number, there's a market imbalance.
Mm-hmm. Because as soon as you bring a boat in
with a foreign flag, you no longer have to abide by,
you've not got ETS costs, you've not got to abide
by New Zealand minimum standards and law.
Um, this is a, I mean, wholesome is not,
for instance in this, is not looking to remove the buffalo
and bring in a third party foreign flagship for, you know,
just because it's, it's, it wants to save some money.
Um, and that saving comes at the expense of our crew
industry experience capability and capacity
and our ability to respond as, as, as Paul said, to um,
to uh, disasters to supply chain issues.
Because, you know,
we're an island nation miles away from anywhere.
We have no
Work time. Oh, just
about, yeah. I'm just gonna ask one question
'cause it relates also to our port inquiry.
Okay. If we can. And that is, we, we've got,
we've clearly got a lot of ships which are coming in.
They might come in at this,
the bigger ships may be coming into Auckland
and bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce down the coast,
then they're going back out again.
Mm-hmm. So that's, um, and, and
likewise, I would imagine the cement operators coming in one
place, second place, third place you regarding that as Okay.
As opposed to effectively,
like you described the arena going, I'm going up
and then I'm going down and I'm going back up again.
In other words, I'm doing multiple calls, which had nothing
to do with my original car cargo or my department cargo.
So with regard to trans shipping, we see transshipping as
that effectively it's, it has run down, uh,
New Zealand flag coastal shipping.
It's not something you would change overnight.
We've, I think we've addressed this
and we'll probably talk about this in our response to the,
to the pause inquiry.
Our concern is that,
and I know it's this concern of other submitters to
that particular inquiry, is that we are
seeing larger international ships.
We're seeing New Zealand looking
less economic for, for major.
We see an in inevitable shift to hub and spoke.
Our concern is that any erosion
of New Zealand's coastal fleet such as this, this business
with Nova is going to make it very difficult for us to
manage a hub and spoke model in the,
what looks like it could be the future.
Yeah. I think, I think what I'll do is I'll call the time
on this, but I think we'll have that conversation,
more board inquiry, um, session.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, that would be great.
Thank you both very much appreciate. Right. Okay. Right.
And now we have glasses back on again.
Uh, navigation Safety Group.
Navigation safety group. Right, right. Welcome.
Good morning. My name's Grant der.
Um, I'm representing Harbor Masters from 16
regions across the country.
Uh, we work under the, uh, data head, which is, uh,
special interest groups from regional councils.
Um, so, uh,
our interest range from large international ships down
to recreational voting.
And within that group we support each other.
We've got wide range of different backgrounds
and specialist knowledge.
So things like this, we, we work together.
Um, we're very supportive of the updates
of maritime legislation.
Sometimes the maritime feels like the poor cousin
that the legislation can be a bit slow and change.
So we are, um, we're happy to see that here.
Um, keen to give support to Dock, being able
to appoint Harbor Masters that puts the offshore islands on
the same footing as the rest of the New Zealand coast
and the ability to manage, um, vessels for safety.
Um, so we're good on that.
The, um, changes to the infringement levels are useful.
A large amount of our work is around education
and, um, making sure people know what they're doing,
but the backup to that education is the ability to actually,
um, issue a penalty where it's needed to,
to try and get that change.
So, um, we are keen on that.
We did note in there
that infringement levels are set in two parts of the act.
Uh, the bill is proposing one,
there is another section 33 oh,
that also imposes a maximum infringement fine.
And that is the one that Ministry
of Transport look at when they consider our infringement
regulations through our navigation bylaws.
So we would appreciate if that could reflect
the change already in the bill.
And we also, in the submission referred to previous work
that had been done around infringements
that are set different limits for private individuals
and commercial operators.
Uh, there, there's, there's two factors in that.
One is level of knowledge and level of significance.
One where it came to prominence
and towering with arena, there's an a fine
for the breach in the exclusion zone of $300, which
for a recreational boat was a significant amount, uh,
for a container ship that's from, to save time,
it's probably less than the fuel they would've saved.
Mm. So actually being able to have two tiers as appropriate.
Um, so yeah. Are there any questions?
Well, thank you and thank you.
You've been so efficient with that.
Um, we did have the five Plenty Regional Council who you've,
um, uh, alluded to in your, what you've mentioned, um,
written submission, uh, came
and talked to us this morning about this issue.
So if the questions anyone,
Oh, Tracy, quick one.
So just going back to, uh, 3 3 3 3
Oh oh Yes.
Um, and the ability to, to, um,
corp on those fine, those, those fines. Yes.
Yes. Who, what's an optimal amount?
Like do we know that given that big money's involved here,
do we know that even $10,000 isn't just a,
Um, we, we we're comfortable what's proposed
and sorry, I haven't got the, the, the section
that you are proposing to change.
We, we are comfortable with those changes.
Um, however, again, it might've been by plenty submission.
They're going through infringement regime process at the
moment, and Ministry
of Transport is only looking at 33 Oh in relation
to our navigation bylaws, not the section
that you're proposing to change.
So I see the change
that's in the bill at the moment would actually make no
difference to us, despite the fact it mentions
navigation bylaws in that section.
It, it's an oddity that it's in two places.
So we're just looking for that
to be reflected in three three.
Oh,
Right. Any other
questions? Grant?
Look, I think it's very clear and the fact
that there aren't lots of questions is
because we've kind of, um, talked through this, um,
earlier this morning already with the,
uh, the regional council.
Absolutely. We appreciate that. So you
just reinforce what they had to say. Excellent.
So we Appreciate Thank you very,
Your Okay.
And we have finally, and I hope I get this rings new. Right.
Welcome. Come up.
Um, and look, thank you very much for coming.
Um, if the whole family wants to come up and,
and join you Very welcome too.
Um, we've got you, we've got you here for five minutes.
Uh, you can take your submission as being read,
so if there's anything he things you want to,
to say, um, do that.
I'll give you a call with say two minutes to go, just
so we leave some time for questions, ideally.
So in your hands chair,
Just if the family want To take pictures, we can
Come here. Oh,
yes. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.
We can take it for
if you, if you wanna come and take pictures.
You're very welcome. Yeah,
Thank you.
Okay. Away you Go.
Uh, called, thank you for having me here
to present my oral submission.
Uh, I'm here on behalf of myself and Scott f
and we think that the current,
that the proposed bill
to introduce digital driver's licenses is an excellent
opportunity to introduce
and non-compulsory government issued photo ID
targeted for disabled people who are unable to obtain a
driver's license for one reason or another.
And I'm gonna talk through, talk through what it means
for someone like myself
who is disabled user can and cannot drive.
So I have a story from a wee while back
where I went to the supermarket to try
and purchase alcohol.
Uh, don't tell mum
Think she might have heard this.
And when I got to the checkout,
the duty manager asked me for my id.
And so I presented them with my Kiwi access card.
And after they had a look at my Kiwi access card,
they were like, uh, I don't know what this is.
Do you have a driver's license? And I was like, what?
And they were like, yeah, do you have a driver's license?
And the moment that asked me that question,
they brought me back to a very
vivid scene from when I was 16
where I was slightly less blind
and I didn't use my cane where I went
to the optometrist's office to try
and get in medical certificate to get a license.
So I went in,
I paid the consultation fee and then I went back.
The optometrist did a few tests
and they were like, oh,
here's the medical certificate I'll send you on your way.
Go to aa. And then I went to AA
and I presented the medical certificate
and they were like, we can't accept this.
It's not signed by the optometrist.
And by that point I was in tears.
The moment the duty manager asked me for my license,
they brought me back into the optometrists office
where they took my money
and sent me a phony certificate to get rid of me
and send me my way.
The duty manager brought me back into that AA office
where I was in tears.
And I realized that from that point onwards,
since I couldn't get a license, life was gonna be hard.
In particular, I won't be able to easily prove my identity
And I have no choice
or say in the matter, our proposal for introducing a
non-compulsory government issued photo ID
that's widely accepted.
One that has a flag on it, one
that has a New Zealand government hologram on it, one
that can be issued in both physical
and digital format to align with the driver's license.
One that has pretty much the exact same data
as a driver's license will make the lives of myself.
And for up to 400,000 disabled people in New Zealand
who can't, who can't get a license's lives easier in
that we have a choice in being able to get in
physical identity, document that by the accepted
and can be easily used
and can also be accepted by places like the Department
of Internal Affairs Identity Checking System.
And, um, Andrew, any questions?
No, thank, thank you very much for, um,
telling us your story.
Um, are there any questions, cam? Yeah.
Thank you very much. That was, um, great submission
to highlight an issue.
Um, Kiwi access had this government issue.
Do you think that, um, it would require
maybe having the aesthetics of that card brought into line
with the aesthetics, like the look and the feel
and the government hologram as you pointed out
of a driver's license?
Or are you envisioning a New Zealand driver's license,
non-driving bracket license with that information on there?
The photo ID issued by the same agency,
but maybe with conditions saying this is not
a license to drive.
It is a So just got photo id, what you
Do. It's
An excellent point.
Yeah. Uh, the Kiwi access card is issued by
Hospitality New Zealand, and it's not accepted in a lot
of the identity infrastructure like the
NZTA infrastructure
or the Department of Internal Affairs Infrastructure.
So I'm envisioning the latter that you described
that basically a license,
but not a license that's integrated with the
NZ TA infrastructure to make it easier for, for everyone.
Perfect. Yeah. Thank you.
You've given us something to think about.
It's probably outside our jurisdiction,
but it might be something which we
might wanna make some comments on.
So we really appreciate that. Yeah.
And I know it's, I know it's an issue for many, many people.
Comments are more than just a comment. It's a Yeah.
Yes. View of the Committee.
Yes. Uh, please look into it. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Yeah.
Good. Done.